docs: update contributing.md to add commit message constraint (#1250)
instana/nodejs: CONTRIBUTING.md

When composing commit messages, it's important to use past tense. Additionally, if there is a corresponding ticket or issue associated with the change, please put the ticket link in the commit message and pull request.

> The commit message length is limited to 100 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commit message length is limited to 100 characters configured in [commitlint](https://github.com/instana/nodejs/blob/v3.14.4/commitlint.config.js#L14).
```

> Keep commit messages within 100 characters to comply with the current CI pipeline restriction.

Reviewer: This is not restricted by CI pipeline.
See https://github.com/instana/nodejs/blob/v3.14.4/commitlint.config.js

Author: Thank you for highlighting the configuration. 
We have checking this restriction at the CI pipeline level, rather than limiting it at the commit time, this what I meant. Will update.

> The commit message length is limited to 100 characters configured in [commitlint](https://github.com/instana/nodejs/blob/v3.14.4/commitlint.config.js#L14).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commit message length is limited. Read through our commitlint rules [here](https://github.com/instana/nodejs/blob/v3.14.4/commitlint.config.js#L14).
```
